all
right we are live for a little
bit I've got some stuff to do in hour
and a half two hours so we'll do just a
short morning
stream and uh the main thing I want to
figure out is whether Onyx is actually
going to do anything for
us so let me see about this
um where did I have the docks for this
let's
see it
here this is not it
right try remember where we had
this uh probably this
right yes so
okay this is
good we have built Onyx um I'm going to
copy this command so I have it just in
case we need
it
and let me see where we go from here so
now we have built onyx
so can we just run the main thing now is
that a thing we can
do
oops back for more R I'll just short
stream this
morning okay this is what we had from
before this is still good what's the
plan just short stream I've got some uh
some stuff to do uh in person today for
most of the day so just hour and a half
I want to see if Onyx is going to work
or if we're going to have to try
something else I think right now
the the options are onyx see if that
works if not see if tiny grad supports
web GPU and can feasibly load P torch
models and if that doesn't work then uh
we're going to have to like I don't know
write our own little neural net or
something like that which will be way
more annoying so we're going to try this
first let me see though how
we oops build web
yes okay so we have this now I'm just
trying to remember where we
were okay I do have this build web
command wait cake
I'm just forgetting [__] hold
on yesterday was kind of a
blur it should be like this then
right okay
so we still have link errors
here rib Source mshell
HTML okay
so the local build works right the local
build was let me
see I why syntax highlight doesn't work
for this is weird oh cuz it's the file
name yeah it's fine
so build
web where do we set
RB oh but this is not the rib web
version
right yeah no no no this is the this is
okay we never got cmake working with
rayb Plus web so now we have to figure
that out okay I remember
um shell file not found RB sourcen
shell and I I'm assuming it's just right
here the path this path is
wrong onx
runtime Linux
okay we're just going to go I hate doing
this I really really hate this workflow
but we're just going to go immediately
back to uh we're just going to go
immediately back to Claude for now um
this is going to be like a quick test to
see if I can just make something work in
the next hour and my hope is that once
we figure this out I'll be able to clean
it up and then we'll just be in Sealand
and I will have I won't have to like
interact with this crazy ecosystem of
[__] and I still need yeah I still
need
Onyx technically I don't even think I
should need
um hold on is there torch in here still
I shouldn't even need any of this right
yeah no this is a a file I shouldn't
need a cake at
all
right I should be able to do this
without cake
entirely okay well that's encouraging
so we're still going to go to Claud but
we're going to be a little bit smarter
and not have it output a bunch of slop
um I'm more or less back to I'm going to
say 85% capacity here but
um that doesn't mean I I still not
familiar with this ecosystem right
so Claud snake onyx. C
and give it the
path for
where's Thea
file lib
onx the output
directory it should be like in build or
something
oh wait lib Onyx
runtime web
assembly
a
for e
see if this does anything
reasonable interesting
oops okay build game.
HTML okay actually then this goes in a
different directory this
goes right this goes here
uh it's
oops Claud snake onyx.
C I'm
confused was expected to be an input
file o n n x
right I have 2
X's
okay
include on runtime C
API
Doh we don't necessarily know that we
need to include that file
right that could have been
slop this looks like what we need though
right Onyx runtime
okay what's this
core
session do I need to give this a path or
something because this
is
H do I have the path
here
ah this
is do slash
okay still not finding
it onx runtime
C
API Okay
so e
ah okay so you have to include this
explicitly I
see okay so I was I was pretty close
here we're at least learning something
not just accepting all this slop so that
is some progress I still would rather
not have to be doing this
but okay let's put this
whoops let's see so we
have the only thing is that it's added
this one line that has the uh the
session stuff that's
fine okay well that's
interesting okay so it wrote this in a
build not build web by mistake but
that's fine
what if we
just P not working wrong
Port the only one I afforded is
8,000 and we don't get anything here at
all
so that's odd
yeah just it just Roes as
well I should get some error or
something shouldn't I
why don't I get some sort of error oh is
it in here now is that how this works
it's not going to be in the terminal
it's just going to be in
here uh where is
this where are the freaking Dev
tools
there console
shouldn't there be some errors in
here no issues
there should be some like errors in
here why does this compile wait we had
this before didn't
we was this a RB thing that we had
before dude how are you so disciplined
every day I'm really not that that
disciplined I I honestly wish I used to
be much more disciplined
frankly I lose way too much time in
between all the stuff I'm
doing in my mind I should basically be
able to like like clockwork you know get
up do my exercise you know code 12 hours
go to sleep but I always lose like 3
hours somewhere in there
this is a shorter stream as well because
I have other work to take care of in
person
today 304 wait
um I think that this error code is not
promiscuous woman I think that I should
have written
HTTP thank you very
much okay
so oh okay this is just saying that it's
been cashed right cuz we have the gets
and then it says 304 meaning that it's
been cashed okay this is
fine Dev tools browser create 304 okay
that's totally
fine
so I unfortunately don't have a good
error message I like literally I'm stuck
here all I can do
is is paste the entire thing into
to freaking Claude which is just so
pathetic My Hope Is that once I get the
actual like all this like compiled
garbage like the compilation and build
system working I'll be able to go
through the code and just Des slopy all
of
it for
this is like a shot in the dark I don't
think there's any way it figures this
out yeah so it doesn't know
okay it's kind of weird that there it
doesn't have any errors as well right
cuz like this doesn't even have
it can't even be running the code
right let's go look at my build
command
so
MCC build HTML yes we have the right C
file
wait rayb
Source
wait is this missing
am I crazy or is that supposed to be
there
it's so weird to me how you don't get
any errors or
anything like are there errors that are
just getting eaten like
what there's nothing
here it's just
blank and it's loading rib as well
so wait didn't we have async yeah we
have async ify
right shell file
wait is
this why did it change this command
hold
on do
I include RB
source and then I put the Onyx stuff up
here let's put it here instead right or
is it is it all eyes before all links
okay that's what it is I rib Source l
dot
L rib source
li. a
right unable to finded Library Libre
I see it right there li. a
right well this is progress because now
it just can't find it this was the
command that worked we know that this
was good
so we have RB Source oh wait wait this
is RB Source Li rb.
a RB
Source link current
directory RB Source li.
a okay so it can't find lrb right
oh but I don't use l RB it just added
this
[__]
right yeah CU I linked the
files anually okay so I think it just
did some weird [__]
so weird it's still
nothing there's nothing in
here I mean it's loading something right
can I just add a
print e
oh wait we have some support stuff in
puffer oops not this let me answer this
real
quick we have people asking me
stuff ETI 1115 so I've got an
hour let me answer a couple support
things real
quick oh
perfect for
cool okay we are covered
there got to support my library after
all right
man it's just so weird to me that I
don't get any sort
of this thing doesn't even print
right is this even compiling what I
think it is then if it's not
printing or is this like normal somehow
[Music]
e
typing stupid
things okay so
wasm just makes everything be a pain in
the ass I
guess sources
this is all like built code though this
doesn't do [__] for
me wait is this a
thing wait wait so there is stuff here I
just don't know what the tools are
let's see if this does anything
Source map base is an internal
setting let have to go at the end or
something
hi how's it going um pretty freaking
confused frankly
play we have we have something building
but nothing is showing up and there
doesn't seem like there's any way to
debug so this should be building with
Onyx so we should be able to like run
this whole en in browser including the
neural Nets um but then when I go into
builds
server so we can see here right we have
what we're looking at right and then if
I open game. HTML nothing is here I
shouldn't be able to open this right
yeah no this is just a
binary
um yeah this is just blank and then
there's
nothing I should learn the freaking
hotkey for this control shift L there's
nothing in here so I don't know how to
debug any of this at this
point very confused
Network tab ensure files are loading
well yeah
obviously I'm very much out of my
element here I'm like mostly back to
being able to think straight again but I
still don't like I don't work in web at
all I don't know any of this build chain
stuff
so where do you see files
um
sources see all
this this is all autogen right yeah this
is a bunch of
garbage literal web
assembly can't stay long since I'm in
Idaho but hey yeah thanks for the promo
link yeah folks um this is like a
one-off thing we got a bunch of like not
see easy to use RL Tools in here this is
kind of experimental um but we are six
stars off of 800 so if you want to
support this for free and check out any
of the stuff that you're seeing it's all
in here
so confused as to what is actually wrong
here I mean this would just eat all the
errors
right so I should make a local build of
this
maybe little break helps starting
starting at a company as a computer
vision intern congratulations
also started a project on monocular
depth
estimation best of
luck best of
luck I actually worked on stuff like
that many many years ago but the tools
we had back then were much much
worse e
tools are really well these days as I
understand yeah there's a lot
more I'm trying to think
what can I build this
locally I think I should be able to at
least try to build this locally right
so this is the original command I used
right I had GCC
got to work take care see you
around okay so we
have I'm not letting super Maven
refactor this and screw it up on
me okay um and we have to do
we include this Onyx stuff here
right and
then link the Onyx
assembly and I think that is
it we'll
see cannot find
L okay
well yeah I forgot to I forgot the link
for
this
right yeah this one right here
file format not recognized because this
is the a
right I want
so what I do is I link the include here
and the lib
right so I want to in have the include
here and then I want to link
is there a way I can build this locally
let me
think or did I only build the web
version for this
I think I just need this do
H let me think do I need more than
this well
mildly annoying
here so there's not really a way to
locally build this right
because I don't like
that let me just really quick well I
should push this a little farther before
trying to do tiny grad let me just check
a couple
things I don't think you can just load
stuff into tiny
grad right
[Music]
um no there's nothing for
this damn
it hi there new to this channel
welcome you're here on uh some
conventional stuff normally I'm doing
all sorts of reinforcement learning
stuff um today I'm also doing
reinforcement learning stuff but I'm
doing it in an area that I have much
much less experience I am currently just
trying to load some of our existing
stuff I'm trying to make it work on the
web by redoing a bunch of stuff in CN
web assembly and that is going about as
well as it sounds
H I'm trying to think how I can even
debug
this hold on if I just commented all the
Onyx stuff
like could I just get the rayb working
and then figure out why the wasam or the
the other stuff is not
working that make
sense
maybe I don't like that I can't build
for
both I really don't like not being able
to build for both
I need to be able to build this
locally but I have to run the web
assembly man it takes so freaking long
to build this as
well for
yeah so this just gives me the web
assembly but hold on can I just use this
H am I dumb or can I just use this do h
hold
on maybe maybe there is something we can
do here
so thing is you link this lib and I
don't
have I don't understand what is in
this onx
runtime can you do reinforce learning in
another programming language um we're
not doing training at the moment there's
not really a point to trying to Port all
the training to see or something like
that but we can what we're trying to do
is we're trying to run the trained
models and the environments and the
rendering all on web just by doing
everything in C and web
assembly um which is substantially more
complicated like the stuff I build is
normally much much easier to use than
this right like I have Python and
optimized stuff is in
scon um but this is this is kind of just
like a side thing because if this works
works then we'll be able to put a lot of
our cool demos online for people to see
and this is virtually the only way that
we'd be able to do
it okay okay I think I know what I need
to at least start trying to do here
um so we have this build right and what
we're going to do is we're just going to
like comment out all of the all the Onyx
stuff so that means that we'll just do
like
star star
slash
and
star
flash actually literally all of
this then we will just do
star okay can I now build
this
error H right because I
have memory
info this needs to be up here
there let me see if I can get the web
assembly to build without the Onyx and
then I'll know that the error is just
Onyx and we'll have to figure out how to
get the errors from the code
okay so even without Onyx right it's
still not working here so that's good uh
that is good to
know but this means that we should also
be able to build this this should be
able to be built locally now right
because we are not using
Onyx yeah we don't need any of this
garbage we should just be able to
do that was weird it didn't give me
anything snake
game oh that that actually did
build and they're all going straight up
let me just make sure that that is the
valid Behavior
plus
four this should be
now what I do here
this is a constant
okay so we actually do have this thing
building
correctly so we just have to fix the uh
we just have to figure out why it's not
building for web because we can see we
actually I'm actually playing this here
as well I'm the two long snake here the
three long snake so this actually works
completely we just need to figure out
why it's not building for web okay so
that's nice to know at least
okay EMCC build
game
and let's just get rid of the Onyx stuff
for
now uh what is a what is a multi-line
comment in a shell file
why is they have the weirdest comment
syntax
imaginable
whatever we're just going to try stuff
here
get rid of Onyx get rid of Onyx get rid
of
Onyx Shel
file
sure okay so here still not working
we're going to try the original
EMCC build SL game right
and
then
server okay this one this one works so
we screwed it up somewhere else in the
other
command um
okay build game HTML let's first of all
let's make sure that we just have the
exact same
thing ey source
- l dot-
l rayb Source Li ray.
a
g
okay let's just try
this all
right and let me just make sure
it's not just
caching okay did this one works
so somewhere in here we're messing up
right if I just include these Onyx run
times does this already break
it let's say let's say we'll just
do uh just the like the link commands
here
let's see if this already breaks it
no this still
works so one of these other commands was
like bogus
right is there anything crucial that I
think is needs to be
here we have all the links
right exported
functions let's see if I can actually
just
import okay the next thing we're going
to try here is if I can just like can I
just include
this right
or does this
break okay so this actually does not
break and I just want to make absolutely
sure I'm even compiling the right thing
like if I just do like Boo this is an
error in the file right
yeah okay good so it is actually
compiling what I think it is we are in a
good
spot
um
now what if I do this
takes forever to compile is that what
happens question mark why is it
stuck there's a tiny little C program
right what the [__] am I seeing I just
got I just got here um well I'm only
here for few more minutes cuz this is I
got stuff to do today but I am currently
attempting to figure out if it is
possible to Port a couple of the puffer
lib M to Pure C rendering in pure C and
then run the uh load the models that I
trained with puffer into uh web assembly
with Onyx so that we can do like the
entire thing in the browser and we can
have like a four or 500 line demo of hey
here play snake with a a thousand other
AI controlled snakes in your
browser brief about your yeah this is
that's what I'm doing at the moment or
attempting to what the heck is wrong
with this this is just not
compiling
weird just you joined University I hope
I'll do this one day I sincerely hope
not this is a nightmare the stuff that I
do normally is much more fun and more
reasonable um if you want to do some fun
reinforcement learning stuff and have it
not be horribly
painful
here I'll link you the main thing that I
build give puffer a star if you like
what you see uh it's all open source
reinforcement learning you can train all
sorts of models ludicrously
quickly all sorts of game M all sorts of
other M it's a good
time what I'm doing here is mainly just
trying to figure out if I can make a
really snazzy demo where like I run some
of the stuff that I train here purely on
web this is so weird why does it why
does it not
compile I started with full
stack JS react and node that seems
pretty front end
and also cyber
security I have basically no front-end
experience whatsoever
um the stuff that I write is mainly
libraries and tools and reinforcement
learning framework
stuff I feel something is wrong with the
code yeah no
kidding something's definitely screwy
here
I don't necessarily need to use Onyx for
this um it's just that the alternatives
are not necessarily any
easier so it's worth pushing on it a
little bit I do have it now rendering
stuff when is next live I'll join from
the beginning I'm usually I am usually
live like Monday through Friday
somewhere between like 11 and 12
Pacific uh and then I just stream pretty
much all day this is just my normal work
that I'm just you know broadcasting
um I'm hoping to get this in a good spot
so I can actually get back to the cool
stuff I normally do
um the getting the environments in C is
interesting and cool having to deal with
all this build system nonsense is
not how's it is it possible that this is
still
compiling where do you work this is my
work this is uh I just finished my PhD
this is technically a startup but mainly
I do open source reinforcement learning
work Java or C++ which is bet or C which
is better it's a silly
question if I had to work in one I'd
rather can
see startup name puffer
AI pretty new thing finished my PhD
three four months ago we're building out
lots of um lots of reinforcement
learning Tech at the moment
how is it possible that this thing is
just
not I mean it could just be taking
forever to compile right
what do startup do I'm trying to make
reinforcement learning sane and
relatively
straightforward as well as much much
more performant it's been going very
well so
far the tech has been
good like I said this is a fairly new
thing um but yeah my PhD was in
reinforcement learning I've been working
in this space for at least seven years
now and the goal is to use what I know
to make the whole Space a heck of a lot
less difficult to work
in oh wait did this actually it did
compile eventually
right okay it just has really bad
compile times I guess
does this actually work though like if
I that's so weird how that
happens why is it taking too long to I
don't know Onyx is weird this is like
this is like a really weird like Arcane
Onyx web GPU
build I don't think I'm going to end up
using this
it's actually it's becoming increasingly
appealing to just like write some really
simple networks and
see
um that actually might be easier like so
I've got to go in a few minutes because
I got stuff to do all day today but I'm
thinking like what if I just wrote um
you know MLP R forward pass type thing
in C it would only be like 100 lines and
then I would just like train a version
of the snake model that's like that I
I'm pretty sure I could still make it
perform reasonably well and
then I would have this whole thing in
like a simple C file without all this
[__] and
dependencies your front end is
basic I do not want to engage with the
front end stack
whatsoever I'd literally rather WR C
than JavaScript
the whole point of this was that we
could have like a platform agnostic
right if I if it builds in C I can just
I can run it locally I can run it on web
I can run it
anywhere because Raab supports web
assembly
okay I think I think with as much of a
pain as Onyx is I think we'll shelf it
for now we'll try to get the end to end
working with like a little MLP type
thing and that should be good enough for
now can I create cool front end for you
for your startup for
free what what are you looking at are
you looking at this demo this demo is
supposed to just be like a game that
is like the state of the game is in C
the rendering is in
C I would really like to work in a
startup you can look through the some of
the stuff that we have so this is the
main this is the main stuff if you just
look like puffer doai that's just like a
landing page these are where all our
docks are and
stuff um but the main stuff with puffer
at the moment like our main main stuff
is is the the code release in the
GitHub is there an alternative to Onyx
um I mean there are kind of several but
like Onyx is the one that lets you
export models from other libraries is
the easiest right like otherwise
technically I could try to convert this
to Tiny
grad yeah the puffer AI web landing page
is super basic it's just um that's
literally just a uh Squarespace like
default page um I'm trying to figure out
what I want to even do with it
right I'm not sure what I even want to
do with that yet um really I just need
at some point like I haven't even
officially like started advertising the
commercial side of puffer um which is
just going to be essentially extended
support for stuff around puffer lib
since all of puffer is open source um
probably what we're going to do with
that is I'll probably somehow merge them
so that they're all on the same site and
then like puffer get hubo will just
direct to puffer doai and we'll have
like some sort of thing on the front
page for
that the main thing that's really
important though with the website is I
need to find if I'm going to have this
thing redone at some point I want to
have something that's lightweight so
that I don't have like a giant blob of
code that I have to maintain on the
front end um that's going to be really
difficult to work with like this one
here this puff Ray I get habo this is
kind of decent this is uh like a sphinx
template with it's like a sphinx docs
template that I customized a fair bit
and the nice thing is at least it's
relatively fast and not uh really heavy
framework yeah the other landing page is
very basic admittedly
okay I've got to run because I have
stuff that I have to get to uh here's
going to be the plan though guys um I
have I think I'm not going to be home
tonight in time to stream again in the
evening but tomorrow and probably
Saturday as well depending uh I'm going
to probably shelf the Onyx stuff since
this is just a pain I've already
invested several hours between yesterday
and this morning and it's just it's so
heavy I think what we're going to do is
I'm going to try to come up with a way
to see you thank you um I think what I'm
going to try to do is I'm going to try
to
export I'm going to try to like just
make an MLP for snake write that in C
and then load that CU that should be
really fast and easy to run on the web
um yeah and I can probably make that
reasonably fast anyways so
we'll do that tomorrow and then that the
the nice thing about doing it that way
is that essentially guarantees us that
we can have a 400 line demo that is
everything and just runs and is simple
so
yeah okay that's what we'll do tomorrow
uh thanks folks star the puffer if you
want to support all this we're five off
of 800